docs: clarified rbac and k8s docs (#6169)
determined-ai/determined: docs/cluster-setup-guide/deploy-cluster/sysadmin-deploy-on-k8s/install-on-kubernetes.rst

         operator: "Exists"
         effect: "NoSchedule"

.. _multi-rp-on-kubernetes:

Setting Up Multiple Resource Pools
==================================

In order to set up multiple resource pools for Determined on your Kubernetes cluster, you need to do
the following:

#. First `create a namespace
   <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/namespaces/#creating-a-new-namespace>` for
   each resource pool. The default namespace can also be mapped to a resource pool.

#. As Determined ensures that tasks in a given resource pool get launched in its linked namespace,
   the cluster admin needs to ensure that pods in a given namespace have the right nodeSelector /

>    toleration automatically added to their podSpec so that they can be forced to be scheduled on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   toleration automatically added to their pod spec so that they can be forced to be scheduled on the
```

   nodes that we want to be part of a given resource pool. This can be done using an admissions
   controller like a `PodNodeSelector
   <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podnodeselector>`
   or `PodTolerationRestriction.
   <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction>`.
   Alternatively, the cluster admin can also add a resource pool (and hence namespace) specific

>    podSpec to the ``task_container_defaults`` sub-section of the ``resourcePools`` section of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pod spec to the ``task_container_defaults`` sub-section of the ``resourcePools`` section of the
```

   helm ``values.yaml`` like:

   .. code:: yaml

      resourcePools:
        - pool_name: prod_pool
          kubernetes_namespace: default
          task_container_defaults:
            gpu_pod_spec:
              apiVersion: v1
              kind: Pod
              spec:

>                   tolerations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                tolerations:
```

                  - key: "pool_taint"
                    operator: "Equal"
                    value: "prod"
                    effect: "NoSchedule"

#. Label / Taint the appropriate nodes you want to include as part of each resource pool. For
   instance you may add a taint like ``kubectl taint nodes prod_node_name
   pool_taint=prod:NoSchedule`` and the appropriate toleration to the PodTolerationRestriction

>    admissions controller or in the ``resourcePools. pool_name.task_container_defaults.gpu_pod_spec``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   admissions controller or in ``resourcePools.pool_name.task_container_defaults.gpu_pod_spec``
```

>    as above so it is automatically added to the podSpec based on which namespace (and hence resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   as above so it is automatically added to the pod spec based on which namespace (and hence resource
```
